Light has light
The entire Jianding is actually named for him
This is even more unprecedented
Could it be that this woman is a peerless fit?
The second force is returning to my body
But to really be one
Can be held straight by arm
It also needs to be refined to carry out a good rich spiritual energy
If I can absorb 30%
You can only be promoted directly to the seventh song first.
Possessing the power to destroy the world
But now these consonants
They all belong to this female generation
He really pulled out the money lost by Immortal Lord Qingyun in the past
Who the hell is he?
Could it be that
What do you want to do?
Of course, it's injustice.
You are free!